[Applause]
it's very good to see you great how are
you you look great you look fit how are
you I'm doing well thank you everything
okay everything's going on both what
stress my Christmas checklist I have to
check everything off get everything
positive it's going pretty well yeah
it's going pretty well a little OCD
about that okay I don't want to forget
anybody I have to make sure everything
is marked
well I've I've noticed that you haven't
send me anything oh well there's still
time okay sure that's right he's right
what will you do for the holiday what is
your plan well the bumblebees out on the
21st
[Applause]
until the 21st and I go return to
Madison Square Garden December 26 that's
all right I'm the 22nd to the 25th I am
actually going to spend some time with
those I love very nice and who are those
who you loved your hole that you have a
lot of brother gonna kick my ass for
this thing yeah weird looks like you
don't say that to see now house is that
right oh yeah you guys I have four
brothers uh-huh and yeah where do you
fall in the list of brothers age-wise
second oldest but it goes in chronology
45 41 40 38 36 so the bottom four are
like it's it's a toss-up and were you
guys beating each other constantly
growing up yes you were yeah yes I would
have boys of course
are they all big strong guys or they're
skinny no not all of them but you know
what I'm saying though I probably was
the biggest mm-hmm
but I was not the toughest Oh real who
is the toughest in the so he's gonna
kill me for saying this but my little
brother Max well why would he kill you
for saying that
well he'll II if you don't say here's
the thing yeah at the scene of household
any given day you could win
you could lose I see so we're also close
an age that we always fought and it was
never a lock like I really thank my
brothers and I love them to death when
we talk about this often we reminisce
they taught me how to lose a fight they
taught me humility they taught me
failure and they taught me to cuss so
I'm very grateful
did you ever like to get to the point
was it a real where the fights violent
to the point out in Massachusetts
manpower tools you can grab the closest
thing real yeah would you pull your
punches and roman candle fights no no no
so you go easier on your opponents in
wrestling than you do on your own flesh
WWE folks have it easy they couldn't
spend a day in the house trying to
figure out who you're fighting and the
garden it who are you fine I heard that
some of the wrestling fans don't like
your hair some that's that's polite what
now I'm looking at it and it looks fine
to me and there's also that's polite
uh-huh yeah it's usually shorter but
it's not long so here's the deal I've
been playing a character on WB for you
know 15 years now yeah it's the exact
same and then I left to go to China for
about six months and I came back with
this and literally it is caused a tidal
wave of emotional upheaval
you're like the Jennifer Aniston of
wrestling in a way I've literally ruined
people's childhoods because they don't
like that you like everyday I know you
do mean tweets every day is just a
barrage gambling change bag you look
ridiculous you ruined my life will you
change your life hours I don't know
what's going on will you get a crew-cut
in preparation for the match oh you will
not you will go in with that hair is the
thing I like about the WWE is they're
very vocal and excited yeah so when I go
to Madison Square Garden looking like an
accountant not so much a thing uh-huh
they it's they're gonna raise hell so
it's gonna be great
oh I see you wanna see what happen you
just want to get a rise out of them I
don't know I don't know you're gonna do
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it